Added SQL statement for outbox cleanup in scaled environments (#6910)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/sql/outbox.md

- Run the cleanup on only a single instance.
- Increase the cleanup interval so that, on average, one endpoint instance cleans up as often as a single instance would normally. The cleanup timer isn't strict and over time these will drift and will cause less overlap. For example, for 10 endpoint instances, let cleanup run every 10 minutes instead of every minute.

> - Disable cleanup on all instances and have cleanup run as a scheduled job in the database. See the dialect-specific scripts for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable cleanup on all instances and run cleanup as a scheduled job in the database. See the dialect-specific scripts for more details:
```

>   - [SQL Server](https://docs.particular.net/persistence/sql/sqlserver-scripts#run-time-outbox)
>   - [MySQL](https://docs.particular.net/persistence/sql/mysql-scripts#run-time-outbox)
>   - [Oracle](https://docs.particular.net/persistence/sql/oracle-scripts#run-time-outbox)
>   - [PostgreSQL](https://docs.particular.net/persistence/sql/postgresql-scripts#run-time-outbox)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [SQL Server](/persistence/sql/sqlserver-scripts.md#run-time-outbox)
  - [MySQL](/persistence/sql/mysql-scripts.md#run-time-outbox)
  - [Oracle](/persistence/sql/oracle-scripts.md#run-time-outbox)
  - [PostgreSQL](/persistence/sql/postgresql-scripts.md#run-time-outbox)
```

- Run the cleanup on only a single instance.
- Increase the cleanup interval so that, on average, one endpoint instance cleans up as often as a single instance would normally. The cleanup timer isn't strict and over time these will drift and will cause less overlap. For example, for 10 endpoint instances, let cleanup run every 10 minutes instead of every minute.
Disable cleanup on all instances and have cleanup run as a scheduled job in the database. The following SQL statement can be used for this purpose. It is important to ensure that the value of `@DispatchedBefore` is the same as the value of the deduplication window.
  ```sql
  delete top (@BatchSize) from {tableName} with (rowlock) 
  where (Dispatched = 1 and DispatchedAt < @DispatchedBefore) 

>   or (Dispatched = 0 and Operations = '[]' and DispatchedAt IS NULL);

Reviewer 2: This part is the workaround for the bug, not sure if we can mention this here unless we check that the index use is performant enough for all users?

Also this page is generic for all supported dialects and eg. Postgres use a different query 

https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus.Persistence.Sql/blob/master/src/SqlPersistence/Outbox/SqlDialect_PostgreSql.cs#L76

In short; If we go down this path I think we need to have dedicated sections for each supported dialect

As for the workaround: It's already documented here https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus.TransactionalSession/issues/376
